The comic book page consists of four panels. In the first panel, a man with a mustache and wearing a green hat and red shirt is climbing a mountain. He is holding a pickaxe in his right hand and has a determined expression on his face. He is saying, "Now - we've climbed straight up, if anybody slips and falls, we've gotta hold him." In the second panel, a man with a mustache and wearing a red hat and blue shirt is standing on a cliff. He is looking down at a man with a mustache and wearing a green hat and red shirt who is climbing up the cliff. The man on the cliff is saying, "Goodness, I wonder if this isn't a little too dangerous." In the third panel, the man in the green hat and red shirt is climbing up the cliff. He is saying, "My goodness, climbing isn't as easy as it looks." In the fourth panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking down at the man in the green hat and red shirt who is now standing on the cliff. The man in the green hat and red shirt is saying, "Ja, diss is der life, hey? Smilin' Ed?" In the fifth panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking at a bird with a long beak and red feathers. The bird is saying, "Nice!" In the sixth panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking at a man with a mustache and wearing a green hat and red shirt who is standing on a cliff. The man in the green hat and red shirt is saying, "My goodness, climbing isn't as easy as it looks." In the seventh panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking at a man with a mustache and wearing a green hat and red shirt who is climbing up the cliff. The man in the green hat and red shirt is saying, "Ja, diss is der life, hey? Smilin' Ed?" In the eighth panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking at a bird with a long beak and red feathers. The bird is saying, "Nice!" In the ninth panel, the man in the red hat and blue shirt is looking at a man with a mustache and wearing a green hat and red shirt who is standing on a cliff. The man in the green hat and red shirt is saying, "My
