The comic book page features a series of six panels, each containing a different scene. The first panel shows a brown rabbit with a checkered shirt and a surprised expression, holding a sign that says "MAMAA" in bold letters. The background is a light blue sky with a few clouds. The second panel shows the same rabbit with a worried look on its face, saying "Wot's GOODNESS, Mama - these Gemen are GOIN' ON?!" The third panel features a group of three brown rabbits with menacing expressions, saying "OH, THEY ARE, THEY ARE!" The fourth panel shows a close-up of the brown rabbit from the first panel, looking shocked and saying "OOH!" The fifth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "I GUESS I LEFT YOUR SOFTENING' ME!" The sixth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a surprised expression, saying "POUCH, HUH?". The seventh panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "GEE, Mom - I DIDN'T FIX THOSE OL' LIONS!" The eighth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "OOOH!" The ninth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "PLORP!" The tenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "I GUESS I LEFT YOUR SOFTENING' ME!" The eleventh panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "POUCH, HUH?". The twelfth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "GEE, Mom - I DIDN'T FIX THOSE OL' LIONS!" The thirteenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "OOOH!" The fourteenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "PLORP!" The fifteenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "I GUESS I LEFT YOUR SOFTENING' ME!" The sixteenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, saying "POUCH, HUH?". The seventeenth panel shows a close-up of a brown rabbit with a worried expression, say
