The image is a page from a comic book. The page is divided into four rectangular panels, each containing a different scene. The first panel shows a character with a speech bubble saying "I feel a little shaky, Finny! Maybe we shouldn't go any further!" The character is standing next to a sign that reads "If you wish to remain all back". The second panel shows a character saying "Double gulp!" while looking at a skeleton. The third panel shows a character saying "Look! Someone is coming this way - and in a Hya-Fellas hurry, too! What's up?" The fourth panel shows a character saying "That's crazy! There's no such thing as a sea-dragon!" The fifth panel shows a character saying "Who's afraid of dragons besides me?" The sixth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The seventh panel shows a character saying "Or is there?" The eighth panel shows a character saying "Run, Finny! There's a great big sea-dragon chasin' us!" The ninth panel shows a character saying "That's crazy! There's no such thing as a sea-dragon!" The tenth panel shows a character saying "Who's afraid of dragons besides me?" The eleventh panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The twelfth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The thirteenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The fourteenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The fifteenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The sixteenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The seventeenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while running away from a large green creature. The eighteenth panel shows a character saying "Swish, swish, swish" while run
