The comic book page consists of five panels. In the first panel, a woman in a red dress is walking down a street, and a man in a military uniform is standing in front of a building. The man is saying, "See, I told you I'd find you." In the second panel, the woman is walking away from the man, and he is saying, "Hi ya!" In the third panel, the man is running towards the woman, and she is saying, "Private Pinto!" In the fourth panel, the man is standing in front of a woman in a blue dress, and he is saying, "Miss Lulu, I presume?" In the fifth panel, the woman is saying, "Yes, that's me." In the sixth panel, the man is saying, "The private will be engaged in important military matters, and you'll be escorted to the flag." In the seventh panel, the woman is saying, "Why, sergeant, how kind of you!" In the eighth panel, the man is saying, "Dee-lighted, Miss Lulu." In the ninth panel, the man is saying, "This sergeant is even bigger and chumpier than that goofy private that my plans should go well." In the tenth panel, the woman is saying, "There you are, sergeant." In the eleventh panel, the man is saying, "Where did Joe go?" In the twelfth panel, the woman is saying, "I don't know." In the thirteenth panel, the man is saying, "There you are, Miss Lulu." In the fourteenth panel, the woman is saying, "I'm glad you found me." In the fifteenth panel, the man is saying, "I'm glad I did." In the sixteenth panel, the man is saying, "Now that was smart strategy, with a wink out of the way I'll have the lady to myself." In the seventeenth panel, the man is saying, "Now that was smart strategy, with a wink out of the way I'll have the lady to myself." In the eighteenth panel, the man is saying, "Now that was smart strategy, with a wink out of the way I'll have the lady to myself." In the nineteenth panel, the man is saying, "Now that was smart strategy, with a wink out of the way I'll have the lady to myself." In the twentieth panel, the man is saying, "Now that was smart strategy, with a wink out of the way I'll have the lad
