The comic book page consists of six rectangular panels arranged in two rows and three columns. The first panel in the top left corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, smoking a pipe, and conversing with another man in a green uniform. The second panel in the top left corner shows a man in a green uniform pointing at an airplane. The third panel in the top left corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, standing next to a body of water. The fourth panel in the top right corner shows a man in a green uniform standing next to a jet plane. The fifth panel in the top right corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, standing next to a jet plane. The sixth panel in the bottom right corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, standing next to a jet plane. The seventh panel in the bottom left corner shows a man in a green uniform standing next to a jet plane. The eighth panel in the bottom left corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, standing next to a jet plane. The ninth panel in the bottom right corner shows a man in a green uniform standing next to a jet plane. The tenth panel in the bottom right corner shows a man in a red cap and a yellow jacket, standing next to a jet plane. 

The text in the first panel in the top left corner reads: "Well, the damage wasn't as bad as we thought, Paul. We'll be able to go ahead with the tests!" The text in the second panel in the top left corner reads: "Wonderful, but look up there!" The text in the third panel in the top left corner reads: "Oop! But look up there!" The text in the fourth panel in the top right corner reads: "That's the Convair." The text in the fifth panel in the top right corner reads: "Built Navy R3Y-1 Turboprop Transport!" The text in the sixth panel in the bottom right corner reads: "Thanks, Pop! Keep your fingers crossed!" The text in the seventh panel in the bottom left corner reads: "Good luck, Ric! We've done everything humanly possible to assure a safe flight!" The text in the eighth panel in the bott
