The image is a page from a comic book. The page is divided into six rectangular panels, arranged in two rows and three columns. Each panel contains a different scene from the story. 

In the first panel, two men are standing in front of a fireplace. The man on the left is wearing a cowboy hat and a yellow shirt, while the man on the right is wearing a green shirt. They are engaged in a conversation. The text in the first panel reads: "This is a story about a doctor and a model plane. I knew the Doc pretty well... we'd been after gold together, up in Alaska. Anyway, it was a terrible night in the Palo Alto River Valley..." 

In the second panel, a man is standing in front of a car, looking at a radio. The car is parked on a road. The text in the second panel reads: "If this storm! If this holds out, and... and... O-oh! What's the radio saying?"

In the third panel, a man is standing on a bridge, looking at the river below. The text in the third panel reads: "The Adams River Bridge was washed out minutes ago."

In the fourth panel, two men are standing on the riverbank, looking at the river. The text in the fourth panel reads: "They say the river's swollen. Can't even get across."

In the fifth panel, a man is standing in front of a car, talking to another man. The text in the fifth panel reads: "Hello, Will. I've been trying to get a message across with an archery camp. Maybe he can shoot that serum over the river."

In the sixth panel, a man is standing in front of a car, looking at a map. The text in the sixth panel reads: "He's the archery champ. Maybe he can shoot that serum over the river."

The overall theme of the page seems to revolve around a group of people trying to cross a river, possibly due to a storm or some other obstacle. The characters are discussing their plans and strategies to overcome the challenge. The use of a model plane and a radio suggests that they might be relying on technology to help them navigate the situation. The presence of the archery camp and the serum indicates that they might
