The comic book page consists of six panels. In the first panel, a man is seen running away from a woman. The woman is holding a knife and is shouting "Katha! Stop! Stop kissing! Stop!" In the second panel, the man is seen running up the stairs while the woman is shouting "Fer gosh sake, do something! Do something!" In the third panel, the man is seen running into a room while the woman is shouting "Cowled by Professor Kingsley's sharp fangs, the beautiful robot releases her prey. Later, how dare you kiss another man? I own you! You belong to me!" In the fourth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "No, I don't! I want Jim! I'm going to him now!" In the fifth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "No, you're not! You're staying here with me! You are my property!" In the sixth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "Love is just an empty word to you. A meaningless string of syllables. I taught you what love is. What do you know of burning emotion? Nothing!" In the seventh panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "No, arggh... Stop! Stop! Please... No... Uggghhh..." In the eighth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "Die, ugly old human! You only mock me!" In the ninth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "I know... I hate!" In the tenth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "Love is just an empty word to you. A meaningless string of syllables. I taught you what love is. What do you know of burning emotion? Nothing!" In the eleventh panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "No, arggh... Stop! Stop! Please... No... Uggghhh..." In the twelfth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "Die, ugly old human! You only mock me!" In the thirteenth panel, the man is seen talking to a woman while the woman is saying "I know... I hate!" In the fourteenth panel, the man i
