The comic book page consists of six panels. In the first panel, a man is holding a rope and pulling another man up. The man being pulled is saying "It's slipping, David! A little more and I'll pull you up!" In the second panel, the man who is pulling is saying "Quick! Save me!" In the third panel, a man is running away from a cliff. In the fourth panel, the man is saying "The backward flow of my life brought me to this moment. I had not gone looking for him at this moment, but I must change what has already happened. Or can I?" In the fifth panel, a man is saying "My brain whirled; my lungs ached as if they would burst; and then I was running. Running like a madman. What was happening? What was this?" In the sixth panel, a man is saying "Paul! I'm going to save you!" and another man is saying "Aagh!" In the seventh panel, a man is saying "Too late! Too late! David!" In the eighth panel, a man is saying "I'm going to save him. I must!" In the ninth panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the tenth panel, a man is saying "Iggh!" In the eleventh panel, a man is saying "Paul! I'm going to save you!" In the twelfth panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the thirteenth panel, a man is saying "Too late! Too late! David!" In the fourteenth panel, a man is saying "I'm going to save him. I must!" In the fifteenth panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the sixteenth panel, a man is saying "Iggh!" In the seventeenth panel, a man is saying "Paul! I'm going to save you!" In the eighteenth panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the nineteenth panel, a man is saying "Too late! Too late! David!" In the twentieth panel, a man is saying "I'm going to save him. I must!" In the twenty-first panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the twenty-second panel, a man is saying "Iggh!" In the twenty-third panel, a man is saying "Paul! I'm going to save you!" In the twenty-fourth panel, a man is saying "Aagh!" In the twenty-fifth panel, a man is saying "Too late! Too late! David!" In the twenty-sixth panel, a man is saying "I'm going to save him. I must!" In the twenty
